[Security solution] Generative AI Connector API specification (#158423)
elastic/kibana: docs/api-generated/connectors/connector-apis-passthru.asciidoc

<div class="param">secrets </div><div class="param-desc"><span class="param-type"><a href="#AnyType">map[String, oas_any_type_not_mapped]</a></span> Defines secrets for connectors when type is <code>.email</code>. </div>
    </div>  <!-- field-items -->
  </div>
  <div class="model">
    <h3><a name="create_connector_request_genai"><code>create_connector_request_genai</code> - Create generative AI connector request</a> <a class="up" href="#__Models">Up</a></h3>

>     <div class='model-description'>The generative AI connector uses axios to send a POST request to either OpenAPIor Azure OpenAPI.</div>

Reviewer: The product name is `OpenAI`
```suggestion
    <div class='model-description'>The generative AI connector uses axios to send a POST request to either OpenAI or Azure OpenAI.</div>
```

Author: Good catch!
